Update Collections docs (#7369)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/collections/contribute.md

# Contributing Collections

Anyone can create and share a Prefect Collection and we encourage anyone interested in creating a collection to do so!

## Generating a project

To help you get started with your collection, we've created a template that gives the tools you need to create and publish your collection.

> Click [here](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-collection-template#quickstart) to get started creating a collection from the template!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Prefect Collection template](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-collection-template#quickstart) to get started creating a collection with a bootstrapped project!
```
